Knox cloud services 26.06 release highlights.
Here are the new features in the Knox Manage original console.
Administer directory resources with Google Workspace.
Starting with this release, you can now sync directory resources
directly from your Google Admin Console.
This integration lets you synchronize resources
like users and groups to your Knox Manage tenant,
allowing your device users to sign in with their existing Google accounts.
To set up this connection, go to Settings, Android,
Google Workspace,
then click "Sign in with Google"
to link your Google Admin Console with your Managed Google Domain account.
Support for Bulk eSIM Management.
The original console introduces the ability to manage eSIMs in bulk,
which offers IT admins centralized control over eSIM provisioning across their device fleet.
On the Bulk eSIM Management page,
simply upload a spreadsheet containing eSIM activation
codes paired with their corresponding device IMEIs.
Once uploaded, each activation code IMEI pair appears in the list with its current eSIM status.
If your device's status is set to Enrolled,
you can provision its eSIM by selecting it from the list,
then clicking Activate eSIM.
Note that this feature requires devices running Android 15 or later.
To use this feature with wearable devices,
they must be running Wear OS 16 or later.
Auto-collect EID Numbers.
With this release, the original console can automatically collects
EID numbers from your enrolled devices, which you can view from three different places:
either by opening the device details panel and clicking the Network tab,
Adding EID as a column on the Device page table,
or exporting your device list to Excel.
To learn more about the features in this release,
or to get additional support at any time,
see our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!